20130819
========

CA
--
* making sure we have the text limit properly set.
* SRF editing works when displaying partial data.
* do more testing in all the three modes.  make sure there are no mistakes.
* mahi has a bug for me
	when in click on rec type:
	INFO: cursor position set to: recordNumber: 9 fieldPosition: 1 cursorOffset: 1 selectionEnd: 0
	when i click on cust city:
	INFO: cursor position set to: recordNumber: 9 fieldPosition: 42 cursorOffset: 1 selectionEnd: 0
	
Personal
--------
* learn about game development and apply it to Java.

20130820
========

CA
--
Aug 20, 2013 3:32:01 PM com.ca.filemaster.editor.virtualtableviews.EditingSupportFileMaster <init>
INFO: subStringBeginIndex: 0 subStringEndIndex: 14
Aug 20, 2013 3:32:34 PM com.ca.filemaster.editor.virtualtableviews.SRFValueEditingSupport getValue
INFO: X'8C':5:0:14

!ENTRY org.eclipse.ui 4 0 2013-08-20 15:32:34.629
!MESSAGE Unhandled event loop exception
!STACK 0
java.lang.NullPointerException
	at com.ca.filemaster.editor.virtualtableviews.EditingSupportFileMaster$1.handleEvent(EditingSupportFileMaster.java:436)
	at org.eclipse.swt.widgets.EventTable.sendEvent(EventTable.java:84)
	at org.eclipse.swt.widgets.Widget.sendEvent(Widget.java:1053)
	at org.eclipse.swt.widgets.Display.runDeferredEvents(Display.java:4066)
	at org.eclipse.swt.widgets.Display.readAndDispatch(Display.java:3657)
	
	
Personal
--------
* dentist office tomorrow

20130821
========

CA
--
* issues happening in MRM and SRM, when doing a hex on/hex off.
	- Fixed
	- character mode - edit - hex on = OK
	- character mode - edit - hex off = NOT OK / "column 2 has no label provider
	- single mode - edit - hex on = NOT OK
	- single mode - edit - hex off = OK
	- multi mode - edit - hex on = OK
	- multi mode - edit - hex off = OK
* trying to more bug fixing for overtype story
	- asking Robert to retest it again.

201300822
=========

CA
--
* trimming down the ALM list
* 2465 - Unable to reproduce
	- asking Ilidio to verify
* 2462
	- Pasting "Eladio Caritos"	
	- Not reproducible.  Asking Ilidio to verify again.
* 2152 - Marked as fixed
* 1900 - Marked as fixed
* Fixed issue from Robert about single record delete feature.
* Refactored Delete again. Noticed a lot of incorrect behavior. Hopefully it is fixed now.

20130823
========

CA
--
* work on the wrapping issue
	- try to understand why there is padding.
	- create a small program based on table
	- asking Ravish to display less characters than can be displayed.
	- CharFormatMode complete.
	- MultiRecordFormatMode >> in progress
* issue with Maryna cursor position after insert
	- need to have more of a discussion with Richa and Maryna
* working on 2093
	- involves CTRL-X (cut feature) which is not supported.
	- marked as fixed, asking Maryna to close as it is an invalid test.
* asked Richa to create build for QA release

Personal
--------
* start working on my Java Android application.
	- need to become obsessed.
* our goal is to havd 75000 in our emergency fund.
	- after that, start paying off our loans
		* first the car 
		* then the house.
		
20130826
========

CA
--
* look into the new bugs that was posted.
* 2462
	- copy / paste with protected modes
	- fixed
* 2507
	- endSubStringIssue / getTerminatingCharacterPosition
	- not yet fixed.. waiting on Richa to figure this one of
* 2674 
	- almost fixed.
	- just have a question for Guy about the cursor position not included.
	
Personal
--------
* tired from last night. 
	- Claire was up in the middle of the night and I had to
	  sleep in the living room.  Sophia kept waking her up b/c 
	  she kept talking to her.
* tell Therese that's Ron's celebration is on Sept 8. not this past weekend.
* have 75K as an emergency account.  For the rest of the money, we will use it to pay off our loans.
	- xfer 25K from hsbc savings to chase savings.
	
20130827
========

CA
--
* lot's of bug fixing to do.
* 0123456789
* 2681
	- this has already been fixed.
	- user error by Jiri
* working on Ilidio issue
	- hard to reproduce
	- skipping over for later
* 2676
	- overtyping vsam key issue
	
	

Personal
--------
* ok time for the kids / putting them to bed and sleeping properly.  
	- no waking up in the middle of the night.
* go to the outlet today. 
	- would like to buy some bball shoes.

20130828
========

CA
--
* had to drop the hexdata overtyping issue to fix the other roadblock defects.
* 2507
	- first dataset: ad1qa.fmmvs90.ksds.lrecl32k.ruler.jiri
	- reviewing the first mentioned defect (bug_2507_delete in the segment end.png) using first dataset
		* obsolete since there are no column separators anymore for every 1000 characters
		* in any case, tried deleting characters in cursor position 24973 and it looked find.
	- second dataset: ad1qa.fmmvs90.ksds.pos32752.lrecl32k
	- reviewing the second mentioned defect (bug_2507_delete in last segment - new.png) using the second dataset
		* set column to start at 24910
		* delete in section that says "No problem to delete" - works
		* delete in section that says "No chars can be deleted" - works
	- third dataset: AD1DEV.DERGU01.FMMVS90.VB.LRECL4K.RULER
	- reviewing the third mentioned defect mentioned by Guy
		* there is an open item when deleting characters in record #4 returns record #44
		* sent an email to Guy to assist.
		* will move this to a separate defect as I dont want QA to have a roadblock.
		* created new defect
	- marked as fixed.
* 2687
	- first dataset mentioned: AD1QA.FMMVS90.VB.LRECL04K.LNGFLD
	- weird issue with the data being editing dissappears
		* display issue.. it doesn't display all the contents probably but if you scroll left or right you can see the rest of the data
	- this works, i'm able to backspace/delete
	- cannot backspace at the said position b/c its a protected mode, anywhere else fine.
	- delete works ok.
	- Marked as fixed
* 2690
	- dataset mentioned: AD1QA.FMMVS90.VB.LRECL04K.LNGFLD
	- no issues
	- marked as fixed
* 2692
	- dataset mentioned: AD1QA.FMMVS90.KSDS.LRECL04K
	- Reviewed it and I do not get an exception. 
	- The last characters in record 5 is "5BS". 
	- Will review with Guy. 
	- Sent an email to Guy for Meeting
	- Had a meeting with Guy.  
	- Marked as fixed.
* 2688 
	- worked with Maryna on this.
	- problem is reproducible
	- at com.ca.filemaster.editor.virtualtableviews.EditingSupportFileMaster.getValue(EditingSupportFileMaster.java:220)
			// when scrolling to the right with records of variable length
			// sometime for some shore fileMasterRecordFields, there are no more
			// data to show for.  In those case, disable editing the record.
			int subStringBeginIndex = getSubStringBeginIndex();
			int lastPossibleCursorPosition = fileMasterRecordField.getMaxLengthP() - 1;
			if(lastPossibleCursorPosition < subStringBeginIndex) {
				log.log(Level.INFO, "maxLengthP has passed, nothing to edit");
				return null;
			}
	- marked as fixed
* Goals for Scott
	- Done
* 2693 
	- issue of losing focus after editng and scrolling to the left and right
	- assigning to Richa as she is already working on this feature.
	- could be a duplicate.
	- this is a sev 2, why? 
* 2684
	- unable to reproduce the problem.
	- asking Jiri to have a live meeting tomorrow to make sure I'm replicating it properly.
* 2674
	- Tested again and it's working fine. After pressing enter, it goes to the next record. Marking as fixed.
	- Marked as Fixed.
* 2676
	- work in progress
	
20130829
========

CA
--
* work on Scott's Goals
	- take a look at the following set of goals and tailor them to your own requirements
	- add own tactics and measures
	- document is pretty generic and niot specific enough.
	- just agreed that everything was ok.
* uninstalled Version 9.0.0 U201304051024I Build 9.0.0.0003
	- trying the latest
* 2613
	- Had to separate out the issue in MRM (2707)
	- Marked as Fixed
* 2698
	- getActualLastRecord() wrong, took it out.
	- Marked as Fixed.
* 2692 
	- work in progress
	- AD1QA.FMMVS90.KSDS.LRECL04K
	
20130830
========
* 2692
	- work in progress 
	- hard to debug	
	- worked with Ilidio w/o success
* 2709 
	- CTRL-X, ignored by design.
	- marked as fixed.
* 2676
	- hex is also protected
	- marked as fixed.
* 2677
	- vsam key in hex cannot be deleted
	- marked as fixed
