20130701
========

CA
--

20130702
========

CA
--

ILLER 
CDDCD
93359

Overtype CharData
Overtype HexData1 
Overtype HexData2

Delete CharData 
Delete HexData1
Delete HexData2

Insert CharData
Insert HexData1
Insert HexData2

Backspace CharData
Backspace HexData1 
Backspace HexData2 

* latest update/build include Story 3 fix.


20130708
========

CA
--
* trying to help Mahi but couln't figure it out.
	- have to spend more time on it.
* 2448 - Fixed
* 2446 - Hard to Understand.  Will revisit it later.
* 2437 - Fixed

20130709
========

CA
--
* continue to work on the defects
* 2415 - Fixed, not reproducible
* 2368 - Mahi wants me to verify
	   - worked with Mahi on this
	   - complete

20130709 
========

CA
--
* working on tree model	- done, we can do this.
* A lot of people are going on vacation.  Need QA to step up.
* Reassigned 2431 to Franz.  Ask him to break defect down into smaller chunks.
* Reassigned 2139 to Mahi.  She just needs to verify that the defect is closed.
* Discuss 2464 Parking Lot Discussion
	GUI - Story 3 - incorrect behavior on Ctrl+X
	Case 1:
	1. Open a data set in Char mode (I used AD1QA.FMMVS90.TEST.FRUW)
	2. Focus in a record (e.g. record 3)
	3. Select everything in record (by mouse or ctrl+A)
	4. Press ctrl+X
	--> record text is removed
	5. Switch to another record (by mouse or by arrow down key)
	
	===> Record text in record 3 is displayed again.
	
	Case 2:
	1. Open a data set in Char mode (I used AD1QA.FMMVS90.TEST.FRUW)
	2. Focus in a record (e.g. record 3)
	3. Select everything except the last char (space at the end of the record)
	4. Press ctrl+X
	--> record text is removed
	5. Switch to another record (by mouse or by arrow down key)
	
	===> Record text in record 3 is removed, but now it allows to type the only 1 character, everything else is highlighted gray; so the record length now is 1 char. MF behavior is different in this case.

20130710
========

* 2445 - asking Ilidio to verify
	   - marking as fixed.  not reproducible

20130712
========

CA
--
* 2445 Not reproducible. Marked as Fixed.. Ilidio has confirmed as well.
* 2470 Assigned to Petr as it deals with the insert command.
* 2469 Fixed
* 2468 Fixed
* 2457 Fixed
* 2467 Assigned to Mahi - exclude all, find goodman all, records not editable
* 2391 Not reproducible. Ask Richa to take a look at it and confirm.
* 2456 Not reproducible. Marked as fixed.  Asking Ilidio to confirm
* 2339 Assigned to Ravish.. Need API to move the horizontal scrollbar.



