2013-04-01
==========

CA
--
* Ravish has found a way to replicate the sev 2 issue.
* Marked as Fixed 
* Labs on Demand Cart ID: 63465
* Working on 2140 - NPE Left Side
* Need to work on recipts, get it done by tomorrow morning

Personal
--------
* Called Florida First Insurance about our 4-plex in Jacksonville
* Emailed Russ, he will let us know.

2013-04-02
==========

CA
--
* Lot of Sev 2s again
* Get Jubula working and use that for our automated testing
* Defect 2151
	- asked to do a Live Meeting with Jiri

2013-04-03
==========

CA
--
* 2151 is fixed.. 
	- just need to clean it up a bit more and see if there is something else.
	- java.lang.ArrayIndexOutOfBoundsException
at java.lang.System.arraycopy(Native Method)
at java.lang.AbstractStringBuilder.insert(AbstractStringBuilder.java:1170)
at java.lang.StringBuffer.insert(StringBuffer.java:497)
at com.ca.filemaster.editor.virtualtableviews.BaseKeyListener.handleDeleteKey(BaseKeyListener.java:464)
	- java.lang.StringIndexOutOfBoundsException: String index out of range: 50
at java.lang.String.charAt(String.java:686)
at com.ca.filemaster.editor.virtualtableviews.CharacterKeyListener.isInsertable(CharacterKeyListener.java:85)
at com.ca.filemaster.editor.virtualtableviews.BaseKeyListener.handleInsertMode(BaseKeyListener.java:559)
at com.ca.filemaster.editor.virtualtableviews.BaseKeyListener.handleNonNullCharacter(BaseKeyListener.java:237)
at com.ca.filemaster.editor.virtualtableviews.BaseKeyListener.keyPressed(BaseKeyListener.java:157)

2013-04-04
==========

CA
--
* 2151
	- asking Ilidio to play with it.
	- BaseKeyListener / CharacgterDataEditingSupport / CharacterKeyListener
	- marked as fixed.
* 1258
	- no action needed.  This is already fixed.
	- marked as fixed.
* 1676
	- no action needed.  This is already fixed.
	- marked as fixed
* 1715
	- no action needed.  This is already fixed.
	- marked as fixed.
* 1853 
	- release into wild, unassigned it
	- feel free to tackle the record length issue
* try to fix as many defects as we can
	
Personal
--------
* got the headset and configured it properly

2013-04-05	
==========

CA
--
* went to the doctor in the morning.
* uploaded expense report for approval
* 