2013-02-04
==========

CA
--
* Overtype Defects:
	- 1679
	- 1676
	- 1668
	- 1627
* Help Mahi out with 1667
* Look into the protected mode in the first character.

2013-02-05
==========

CA
--
* look into pasting functionality - done
* working late to prepare for the demo

2013-02-06
----------
* Did the demo.
	- I think my portion of the demo was a success.
* Character Mode 
	- 1612 - Sev 3 - GUI - Switching into MF change record position
	- 1624 - Sev 3 - Close after changes -no question
	- 1627 - Sev 3 - During Edit overtyping - error log
	- 1630 - Sev 3 - Edit in Hex mode not possible - higher half byte not displayed
	- 1658 - Sev 3 - GUI - Overtype in Charachter - Focus goes to the start
	- 1676 - Sev 3 - VSAM - (first) byte before VSAM Key not editable
	- 1677 - Sev 3 - VSAM edit in multisession
	- 1715 - Sev 3 - PATH LINE field
	- 1721 - Sev 2 - GUI - Overtyping in Char - Overtyping the KSDS key causes the exceptions
	
2013-02-07
==========

CA
--
* installed JRebel, see how fast it works, do an evaluation for the product
* i'm using the same layout for multirecord that I used for single record.  Need to confirm that with Richa.

2013-02-08
==========

CA
--
* got most of MultiRecordFormat to work.  Now checking the edge cases.
* Talk to Joe to check what he needs.
* work on JRebel, and see if it is worth it.

Personal
--------
* push logs to bitbucket
* my CA notebook will become my default machine
* continue on android web development.
	- try to work with json data or something much more easier to parse
	- work with google app engine
* working from home	

2013-02-09
==========

Personal
--------
* Northeast blizzard going on outside.
* Work on my android project for my kids
