2013-04-08
==========

CA
--
* work on bug fixing
* working on packaging strategy
* worked on 2151(sev 3) last friday

Personal
--------
* Don't forget to pick up the pan after work at Tuesday morning.
* This is the only place to work.  If I want to do any extra curricular activities, work in the office with 2 monitors.
* download new Tv shows to watch for the weekend or while exercising
* buy chutes and ladders for board game night with the kids.
* work on learning play later on after work.  need to focus on web development using play in the future.

2013-04-09
==========

CA
--
* small refactor of EditorView class, deprecated parsing method
* Defect 2196 - Find next after find last highlights garbage
* Trying to get Jubula to work

Personal
--------
* ADd RCP Remote Control Plugin to your application
	- details are in the User Manual, chapter 'Testing RCP AUTs'
	
2013-04-10
==========

CA
--
* standups only on Tuesday and Thursday

Personal
--------
* dress better. get more fit and enjoy the sunshine.
* get my tennis racket gear and put it in the car.
* in fact leave my sports gear in the car.. it's easier that way.
* lululemon pants looks cool.  try it out at roosevelt mall, get some tees from lululemon
	- found in roosevelt mall.

2013-04-11
==========

CA
--
* working on fixing up find command.

Personal
--------
* did my stress test this morning
	- pretty good workout, sweated at the end.
	
2013-04-12
==========

CA
--
* watching the test demo
	- tone down your screen resolution
* working with Jubula for the past few days and it's hard to work with.
* using window tester instead.
	- no longer supported by Google.
	- turned into SWTBot
* too complicated testing this shit right now.
	- crap.. back to basics
* using the dataset ad1dev.carel06.demo.base.custfile
	- last instance of "smith" is at line 60.
INFO: adding FileMaster FMPRange: 15:19:15
INFO: adding FileMaster FMPRange: 16:20:38
INFO: adding FileMaster FMPRange: 13:17:60

Personal
--------
* no more chocolates.. time to lose weight
* get under 200 lbs.. get yourself a present
* bought wii controllers.. use this to play games on android or mac
* 