20130715
========

CA
--
* 2463 - Fixed
* 2353 - Fixed
* Working on SingleRecordMode BS key mentioned by Richa

java.lang.ArrayIndexOutOfBoundsException
at java.lang.System.arraycopy(Native Method)
at java.lang.AbstractStringBuilder.insert(AbstractStringBuilder.java:1170)
at java.lang.StringBuffer.insert(StringBuffer.java:497)
at com.ca.filemaster.editor.virtualtableviews.BaseKeyListener.pasteInsertMode(BaseKeyListener.java:589)
at com.ca.filemaster.editor.virtualtableviews.BaseKeyListener.handlePasteEvent(BaseKeyListener.java:525)
at com.ca.filemaster.editor.virtualtableviews.BaseKeyListener.keyReleased(BaseKeyListener.java:271)
at org.eclipse.swt.widgets.TypedListener.handleEvent(TypedListener.java:168)

20130716
========

CA
--
* meeting to discuss SF mode
* outline for SM mode solutions
* 2464 - discussion with Rick regarding behavior of CTRL-X key press

20130717
========

CA
--
* provide estimate for 3 solutions
* 2492 - Fixed
* 2490 - Fixed
* BS in SRM does not work (found by Richa) - Fixed

Personal
--------
* go to Chase and open account for $150.
	- get personal check from TFCU

20130718
========

CA
--
* fixed left and right arrow key record field traversal in SRM

20130719
========

CA
--
* 2455 Downgraded to Sev 4
* 2433 Need help from the team to resolve this issue.. Running out of ideas

20130722
========

CA
--
* working on ctrl-home..  asking Mahi to take a look at it.
* 2510 Fixed
* 2508 Unable to reproduce. Emailed Jiri and trying to setup a LiveMeeting session.

Personal
--------
* get a haircut
* go to chase bank and open a new account

20130723
========

CA
--
* 2492 Fixed
* 2307 Fixed
* 2391 Work in Progress

* Mike's Suggestions:
	- If there are more than 1 column/cell representing a RecordField
		* Disable Insert Mode
		* Disable Backspace / Delete
		* Provide notification to client if this disabled.
			- access online help
		* make the lines visible
	- Blanket Database 
		* if there is a record with more than one cell, disable the whole dataset to not allow insert mode / backspace /delete (see first point))
	- Add documentation to discuss overtyping across boundaries.
	- Dynamic Disable Feature
		* Use case would be that in SingleRecordMode you are displaying 501 characters, if you turn on hex mode it would be displaying 1002 characters, when that happens disable insert mode/backspace/delete


20130724
========

CA
--
* 2391 Fixed
* 2463 Fixed
* 2446 Fixed
	- insert is wrong. when insert new characters, it should replace the space at the end of the cell.
* 2508 Fixed
	- Not reproducible
* 2464 Work in Progress
	
Personal
--------
* Get a haircut today - done
* $1220 Air China 10/05/2013 - 11/30/2013 (Source Kayak.com No Tax Yet)
* Delta Airlines $1320 1 stop MNL - NRT - JFK 10/10-11/10 Jinky Tax Included (have to pay travel tax)
                 $1320                        10/10-12/01 Jinky                   
	- Full Name and Date of Birth 
	
20130725
========

CA
--
* 2464 Work in Progress
	- only being handled in keyRelease

20130728
========

CA
--
* going back to work on cut operation
	- worked with Ilidio
	- unable to complete
* 2541 Fixed
	- not reproducible
	- asking dominique for live meeting to clear it up.
	- live meeting with Dominuqe
	- marking as Fixed             
* 2292 Work in Progress
	- trying to refactor the code to have a BaseFocusListener attached.
          
                
                
                
                
                
                
                
                
                
                
                
                
                
                
                
                
                
                
                
                
                
                
                
                
                
                
                
                
                
                
                
                
                
                
                
                
                
                
                
                
                
                
                
                
                
                
                
                
                
                
                
* 
