2014-02-03
==========
* work from home since it is a snow storm

2014-02-05
==========
* working from home again due to snow storm
* updated Scott about Eclipse Development Best Practice Group
* meeting with Rick today to resolve Eclipse version issue
	- suggestion is to use build FMP-IMS on Eclipse 4.3 RCP and compatible with Eclipse 4.2 as a plugin, also new work must be done on FMP-MVS to be plugin-compatible for Eclipse 3.6/3.7/4.2/4.3
* why so long for FMP-MVS testing/research
	- finding all the bugs  
	- it's the process that is why it is taking so long.
	- 3 months.
* need to have 1 week to decide about 3.6 plugin issue with Rick
* just discovered that if we are to develop both a plugin and a RCP app, we must develop using 3.x APIs.

2014-02-10
==========
* tried to get installer for Version One but it seems I have to register for Tasktop which is $99
* created Junit Test case for Open Database Wizard

2014-02-11
==========
* KM for MVS.  Need some documentation for MVS build.
* Had a one-on-one with Scott

2014-02-12
==========
What we have done so far:
Richa – able to run the rcp
Tomcat setup of  common servlet for IMS and MVS
Eclipse version research with Rick approved 4.2
Ravish - Mvs plugin to work on 4.x releases
Mahi researching on Wix/Maven (alternative build to ant)
Eladio – worked on tdd / project setup 
-----
Training for support engineers second half of next week
Radek end of the week.
----

Editor research
    - petr / radek if you have time
Wireframe sketches:
    - MVS on their PC
    - Harvest / Version 1 / Sharepoint
    - Sharepoint 
- Stories to line commands
    - Guy has already created most of the stories
- Wireframe designs to do that
    - wireframe created as a reference point for discussion
    - Petr: if we have time for it.
    - what kind of functionality we need from the mainframe side.
    - everybody should volunteer for this task
Backend side - MF
    - session started and terminateed is complete
XML Binding
    - xml it will change very frequently.

* Created com.ca.fmp.ims.model package and did a simple hello using JAXB.
* Book my travel plans to EclipsseCon
    
2014-02-14
==========
* Valentines Day today.
* Working from Home today

2014-02-18
==========
* working from home because of the snow
* worked on:
    - worked on the com.ca.fmp.ims.model plugin
        * JAXB implementation (xml binding) to more efficiently work with XML request/response to mainframe
    - worked on the open database wizard
        * created two pages
* need to work on:
    - looked into xml schema
    - continue to work on JAXB, need to parse XML into object
    - for the open database wizard, need to write test cases
* no roadblocks
* attended Glenn's meeting.. green screen or Eclipse UI
* able to use JAXB for marshalling and unmarshalling.

2014-02-19
===========
* created worksheet to do design sketches
* xsd provided and it doesn't work with JAXB
    - working with Guy
* SWTBot Generator working

2014-02-20
==========
* will be working on sending/receiving xml messages asynchronously

2014-02-21
==========

2014-02-25
==========
* status meeting with US scrum team.
* continue to work with operations/events infrastructure
    - interfacing with tomcat
    - 
    
2014-02-27
==========
* Had a business line meeting.
* Focused on Mainframe.

2014-02-28
==========
* GUI design meeting was productive
* feedback / notes added


















































