2014-03-03
==========
* let's get some serious work done this month.

2014-03-06
==========
* had a meeting with Rick.
  we've decided to have a sprint planning meeting this coming monday.
  
2014-03-10
==========
10.5 days = 84 hours availability
sprint planning today
40 hours availability

2014-03-11
==========
TK-191375:
- working with Richa to get RCP install working properly
- started at 13:00
- stopped at 15:30
TK-190895
- worked with Richa to debug tomcat logs.  Found out we have to restart the tomcat 
  for changes to take effect.
- updated "session" to "opendb" command.
- refactored "ugly" package names
- started at 15:30
- stopped at 17:00

2014-03-12
==========
TK-190895 
- still working on session start (1 hour)
TK-191378
- worked on simplifying the test of each gui component (1 hour)
- trying to figure out how to get the login button to pop up when the finish 
  button is click, but doing it cleanly in code. seems there are too many 
  dependencies. thinking about adding depency injection but that would be 
  overkill? (1 hour)
* worked with Kip to get a rest client to interface with mainframe (1 hour)
* refactoring code (2 hours)
    - removing warning messages
    - renaming packages.

2014-03-13
==========
* HP UFT Training from Ken (1 hour)
* debug opendatabase command (6 hours)
 
2014-03-24
==========
* just came back from eclipsecon
* time to go back to work.
* check out what needs to be done.
* need to make a generic runner

2014-03-26
==========
* refactoring the runners operation so it is more generic as well as changing it from threads to eclipse jobs. (1 hour)
* worked on removing the "te.xml" file out of the installation process. (1 hour)
* meeting with gui team to discuss development time for commands. (2 hours)
* worked on getting the rcp build correctly (2 hours)

2014-03-27
==========
* meeting standup
* backlog grooming
* creating test cases
    - creating gui test cases - 3 hours
    - creating junit test cases - 2 hours
* refactoring the runners.